Update vim.md (#84)
OmniSharp/OmniSharp.github.io: _integrations/vim.md

---

1. Install the [OmniSharp-vim](https://github.com/OmniSharp/Omnisharp-vim) Vim/neovim plugin using your favourite method or plugin manager.
1. Optionally install a linting plugin: [ALE](https://github.com/w0rp/ale)

> 3. Optionally install selector plugin: [fzf.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf.vim) or [CtrlP](https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim)
> 5. Create some [mappings](https://github.com/OmniSharp/Omnisharp-vim#configuration), or install [vim-sharpenup](https://github.com/nickspoons/vim-sharpenup) to get up and running quickly.
> 6. Open a .cs file in vim. OmniSharp-vim will ask permission to install the server - answer 'Y', wait for it to do its thing, and you're away!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally install selector plugin: [fzf.vim](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf.vim) or [CtrlP](https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim)
1. Create some [mappings](https://github.com/OmniSharp/Omnisharp-vim#configuration), or install [vim-sharpenup](https://github.com/nickspoons/vim-sharpenup) to get up and running quickly.
1. Open a .cs file in vim. OmniSharp-vim will ask permission to install the server - answer 'Y', wait for it to do its thing, and you're away!
```
I understand numbering does not matter in MD numbered list, but IMO either keep all at one or properly order for readability, thx!
